Integrate `dmn-js@17` / `diagram-js@15` (implicit keyboard binding) (#132)
camunda/camunda-dmn-js: CHANGELOG.md

___Note:__ Yet to be released changes appear here._

* `DEPS`: update to `diagram-js-grid@1.1.0`
* `DEPS`: update to `diagram-js@15.2.1`
* `DEPS`: update to `dmn-js@17.0.3`
* `DEPS`: update to `dmn-js-properties-panel@3.6.0`

### Key Changes in Modeling

* `FEAT`: DRD editor `Canvas` is now a focusable element ([bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662))
* `FEAT`: keyboard binds implicitly ([bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662))

### Breaking Changes

> * Keyboard is now implicit, and canvas is focusable, cf. [bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard is now bound implicitly, and canvas is focusable, cf. [bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662)). Calls to `keyboard.bind` and `keyboard.bindTo` now result with a descriptive console error and have no effect.
```

Reviewer: Let's update camunda-bpmn-js changelog in that case: https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpmn-js/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#breaking-changes

Author: To be clear: I'd like us to anchor at "do not use these APIs anymore", rather than "you can continue to use them. 

I think the old changelog entries + descriptive error on mis-use were OK already. To simplify this message it could read:

```
* Keyboard is now bound implicitly, and canvas is focusable, cf. [bpmn-io/diagram-js#662](https://github.com/bpmn-io/diagram-js/pull/662)). Attempts to bind the keyboard to an explicit HTML element have no effect.
```
